Feature/readme (#12)
AOzmond/usb-tree: app/README.md

  - Device tree can be reset to the current state by clicking the "Refresh" button
- **Device Details**: View comprehensive information including:
  - Vendor ID and Product ID
  - Manufacturer and product names
  - Device bus information
  - USB version and device speed
  - Clicking a device in the tree will open a database search for more information.
- **Event Logging**: Track all device connection and disconnection events with timestamps in the lower portion
  of the app.
- **Cross-Platform**: Native support for Linux and Windows
- **Modern UI**: Clean, responsive interface built with Svelte and Carbon Design System
  - Dark mode supported

## Demo:

<img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Demo" width="500" >

## Installation

### Linux

#### From Release

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz` or `usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz` from the
   [releases page](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases)
2. Extract the archive to your desired location:
   ```bash
   tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz
   ```
3. Run binary:
   ```bash
   ./usb-tree
   ```

#### Arch Linux (AUR)

```bash
# Binary package
yay -S usb-tree-app-bin

# Or build from source
yay -S usb-tree-app

> ```

Reviewer: Some Arch users will consider this heresy, you could also add just the manual `git clone && makepkg -si` guide

### Windows

#### Winget

```bash
winget install USBTree.USBTree
```

#### Portable

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip` from the release page
2. Extract the archive to your desired location
3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure libusb-1.0.dll is in the same directory as the executable.

#### Installer

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe ` from the release page
2. Run the installer

### Building from Source

#### Required build tools:

- [**Go**: 1.25 ](https://go.dev/dl/)
- [**Bun**: 1.3.1](https://bun.sh/)
- [**Wails (v2)**: 2.10](https://wails.io/docs/next/gettingstarted/installation)
  - see wails install page for OS specific instruction.

#### System dependencies:

- [**libusb-1.0**](https://libusb.info/)

### Build Steps

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree.git
   cd usb-tree/app
   ```

2. **Install Wails CLI:**

   ```bash
   go install github.com/wailsapp/wails/v2/cmd/wails@latest
   ```

3. **Build the application:**

   ```bash

>    wails build -clean

Reviewer: Why are you saying `-clean` is necessary?

[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://microsoft.com/windows)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Linux](#linux)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Building from Source](#building-from-source)
  - [Build Steps](#build-steps)
- [License](#license)
- [Author](#author)

## Features

- **Real-Time USB Device Tree**: Visualize connected USB devices in a hierarchical tree structure
  - Shows manufacturer and product names
  - Shows the speed the device is using
- **Hot-Plug Detection**: Automatically detect when devices are connected or disconnected
  - Device tree with visual indicators for changes
  - Log of device disconnects and connects
- **Device Details**: Device tooltip shows comprehensive information including:
  - Vendor ID and Product ID
  - Device bus information
  - Click to search in an online device database
- **Cross-Platform**: Native support for Linux (x86-64 and ARM64) and Windows (x86-64)
- **Modern UI**: Clean, responsive interface built with Svelte and Carbon Design System with dark mode support

## Demo:

> <img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Screen capture showing the functions" width="500" >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Screen capture showing the functions" width="500">
```

1. Download the latest
   [`usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip)
   or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
2. Extract the archive to your desired location
3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure `libusb-1.0.dll` is in the same directory as the executable.

#### Installer

Download and run the latest
[`usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe)
or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.

### Building from Source

#### Required build tools

- [**Go**: 1.25](https://go.dev/dl/)
- [**Bun**: 1.3.1](https://bun.sh/)
- [**Wails (v2)**: 2.10](https://wails.io/docs/next/gettingstarted/installation)

#### System dependencies:

- [**libusb-1.0**](https://libusb.info/)

### Build Steps

Clone the repository and build the application.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree.git
cd usb-tree/app
wails build
```

The compiled executable will be in build/bin, named usb-tree for Linux, and usb-tree.exe for Windows.

## License

> This project is licensed under the GPL-2.0 License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the GPL-2.0 License. See the [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) file for details.
```

  - [Linux](#linux)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Building from Source](#building-from-source)
  - [Build Steps](#build-steps)
- [License](#license)
- [Author](#author)

## Features

- **Real-Time USB Device Tree**: Visualize all connected USB devices in a hierarchical tree structure
- **Hot-Plug Detection**: Automatically detect when devices are connected or disconnected
  - changes are reflected in the tree structure with color coding and icons
  - all changes are logged to a log section at the bottom of the app
  - Device tree can be reset to the current state by clicking the "Refresh" button
- **Device Details**: View comprehensive information including:
  - Vendor ID and Product ID
  - Manufacturer and product names
  - Device bus information
  - USB version and device speed
  - Clicking a device in the tree will open a database search for more information.
- **Event Logging**: Track all device connection and disconnection events with timestamps in the lower portion
  of the app.
- **Cross-Platform**: Native support for Linux and Windows
- **Modern UI**: Clean, responsive interface built with Svelte and Carbon Design System
  - Dark mode supported

> ## Demo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demo
```

<img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Demo" width="500" >

## Installation

### Linux

#### From Release

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz` or `usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz` from the
   [releases page](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases)
2. Extract the archive to your desired location:
   ```bash
   tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz
   ```
3. Run binary:
   ```bash
   ./usb-tree
   ```

#### Arch Linux (AUR)

AUR helper

```bash
# Binary package
yay -S usb-tree-app-bin # or paru etc.
```

or

```bash
# Build from source
yay -S usb-tree-app
```

Manually

```bash
# Binary package
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/usb-tree-app-bin.git
cd usb-tree-app-bin
makepkg -si
```

or

```bash
# Build from source
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/usb-tree-app.git
cd usb-tree-app
makepkg -si

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makepkg -si
```
Extra empty line

```

### Windows

#### Winget

```bash
winget install USBTree.USBTree
```

#### Portable

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip` from the release page
2. Extract the archive to your desired location
3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure libusb-1.0.dll is in the same directory as the executable.

#### Installer

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe ` from the release page
2. Run the installer

### Building from Source

#### Required build tools:

> - [**Go**: 1.25 ](https://go.dev/dl/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Go**: 1.25](https://go.dev/dl/)
```

[![Wails](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wails-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=wails&logoColor=white)](https://wails.io/)
[![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=bun&logoColor=white)](https://bun.sh/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![SCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SCSS-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)](https://sass-lang.com/)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)](https://kernel.org/)
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://microsoft.com/windows)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Linux](#linux)
  - [Windows](#windows)
  - [Building from Source](#building-from-source)
  - [Build Steps](#build-steps)
- [License](#license)
- [Author](#author)

## Features

- **Real-Time USB Device Tree**: Visualize connected USB devices in a hierarchical tree structure

>   - Tree shows device manufacturer and product names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Shows manufacturer and product names
```

>   - Devices negotiated speed are displayed to the right of device names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Shows the speed the device is using
```

- **Hot-Plug Detection**: Automatically detect when devices are connected or disconnected

>   - changes are reflected in the tree structure with color coding and icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Device tree with visual indicators for changes
```

>   - all changes are logged to a log section at the bottom of the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Log of device disconnects and connects
```

>   - Device tree can be reset to the current state by clicking the "Refresh" button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Device Details**: device tooltip shows comprehensive information including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Device Details**: Device tooltip shows comprehensive information including:
```

  - Vendor ID and Product ID
  - Device bus information

>   - Clicking a device in the tree will open a database search for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Click to search in an online device database
```

- **Cross-Platform**: Native support for Linux and Windows
  - Linux versions available for x86_64 and ARM64

>   - Windows version available for x86_64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cross-Platform**: Native support for Linux (x86-64 and ARM64) and Windows (x86-64)
```

- **Modern UI**: Clean, responsive interface built with Svelte and Carbon Design System

>   - Dark mode supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Modern UI**: Clean, responsive interface built with Svelte and Carbon Design System with dark mode support
```

## Demo:

> <img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Demo" width="500" >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Screen capture showing the functions" width="500" >
```

## Installation

### Linux

#### From Release

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz` or `usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz` from the

>    [releases page](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest [`usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz) or [`usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz) or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
```

2. Extract the archive to your desired location:
   ```bash

>    tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-*.tar.gz
```

> <img src="/images/output.gif" alt="Demo" width="500" >
> 
> ## Installation
> 
> ### Linux
> 
> #### From Release
> 
> 1. Download the latest `usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz` or `usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz` from the
>    [releases page](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases)
> 2. Extract the archive to your desired location:
>    ```bash
>    tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz
>    ```
> 3. Run binary:
>    ```bash
>    ./usb-tree
>    ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz` or `usb-tree-linux-arm64.tar.gz` from the
   [releases page](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases)
   
2. Extract the archive to your desired location:
   ```bash
   tar -xzf usb-tree-linux-amd64.tar.gz
   ```

3. Run binary:
   ```bash
   ./usb-tree
   ```

```
GitHub's "suggestion" formatting is super broken if there's code blocks in them. You have empty lines between bullets in Build Steps

#### Arch Linux (AUR)

AUR helper

```bash
# Binary package
yay -S usb-tree-app-bin # or paru etc.
```

or

```bash
# Build from source
yay -S usb-tree-app
```

Manually

```bash
# Binary package
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/usb-tree-app-bin.git
cd usb-tree-app-bin
makepkg -si
```

or

```bash
# Build from source
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/usb-tree-app.git
cd usb-tree-app
makepkg -si

```

### Windows

#### Winget

```bash
winget install USBTree.USBTree
```

#### Portable

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip` from the release page
2. Extract the archive to your desired location

> 3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure libusb-1.0.dll is in the same directory as the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest [`usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip) or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
2. Extract the archive to your desired location
3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure `libusb-1.0.dll` is in the same directory as the executable.
```

#### Installer

1. Download the latest `usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe ` from the release page

> 2. Run the installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and run the latest [`usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-amd64-installer.exe) or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
```

### Building from Source

> #### Required build tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Required build tools
```

- [**Go**: 1.25 ](https://go.dev/dl/)
- [**Bun**: 1.3.1](https://bun.sh/)
- [**Wails (v2)**: 2.10](https://wails.io/docs/next/gettingstarted/installation)

>   - see wails install page for OS-specific instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### System dependencies:

- [**libusb-1.0**](https://libusb.info/)

### Build Steps

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree.git
   cd usb-tree/app
   ```

2. **Install Wails CLI:**

   ```bash
   go install github.com/wailsapp/wails/v2/cmd/wails@latest

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is in requirements, not a part of installing your software.

3. **Build the application:**

>    ```bash
>    wails build
>    ```
> 
> 4. **Locate the binary:**
> 
>    The compiled executable will be in:
> 
> - **Linux**: `build/bin/usb-tree`
> - **Windows**: `build/bin/usb-tree.exe`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Clone the repository and build the application.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree.git
   cd usb-tree/app
   wails build
   ```

The compiled executable will be in `build/bin`, named `usb-tree` for Linux, and `usb-tree.exe` for Windows.

```

#### Portable

1. Download the latest
   [`usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip)
   or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
2. Extract the archive to your desired location

> 3. Run `usb-tree.exe` Note: Ensure `libusb-1.0.dll` is in the same directory as the executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest
   [`usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip)
   or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
2. Extract the archive to your desired location.
3. Run `usb-tree.exe`. Note: Ensure `libusb-1.0.dll` is in the same directory as the executable.
```

or

```suggestion
1. Download the latest
   [`usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip`](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases/latest/download/usb-tree-windows-amd64.zip)
   or see the [releases](https://github.com/AOzmond/usb-tree/releases) page for all versions.
2. Extract the archive to your desired location.
3. Run `usb-tree.exe`.

Note: Ensure `libusb-1.0.dll` is in the same directory as the executable.
```
